add example for Github Workflow (#272)
shellspec/shellspec: README.md

The installation using the web installer is mainly intended for development use.
For CI, it is recommended to use a specific version (tag) in git or archives to avoid unexpected failures.

> Following an exmaple how this can be achieved in a GitHub Workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following an example how this can be achieved in a GitHub Action Workflow:
```
